Documentation/Index.rst, before:

.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
Fluid ViewHelper Reference
==========================

:Version:
   |release|

:Language:
   en

:Author:
   TYPO3 contributors

:License:
   This document is published under the
   `Creative Commons BY 4.0 <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/>`__
   license.

:Rendered:
   |today|

----

This is a complete reference of all available :ref:`Fluid <t3extbasebook:fluid>`
view helpers in TYPO3 CMS.

*Note:* This documentation was `generated <https://github.com/TYPO3-Documentation/fluid-documentation-generator>`__
from the PHP source code of TYPO3 CMS and the package names do not correspond
1:1 to the Composer package names, as the ``cms-`` prefix has been removed.

----

**Table of Contents:**

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 5
   :titlesonly:

   typo3/backend/latest/Index
   typo3/core/latest/Index
   typo3/fluid/latest/Index
   typo3fluid/fluid/latest/Index

.. Meta Menu

.. toctree::
   :hidden:

   Contribution/Index
   Sitemap
   genindex

Commit message:

Improve startpage (#71)
Fix link to general Fluid chapter, that was moved to
TYPO3 explained. Mention Fluid as standalone project

Co-authored-by: lina.wolf <lwolf@w-commerce.de>

Documentation/Index.rst, after:

.. include:: /Includes.rst.txt

==========================
Fluid ViewHelper Reference
==========================

:Version:
   |release|

:Language:
   en

:Author:
   TYPO3 contributors

:License:
   This document is published under the
   `Creative Commons BY 4.0 <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/4.0/>`__
   license.

:Rendered:
   |today|

----

This is a complete reference of all available :ref:`Fluid <t3coreapi:fluid>`
view helpers in the TYPO3 Core.

Fluid is a PHP template engine and is the de facto standard for any
HTML-based output in the TYPO3 CMS. However, it is not dependent on
TYPO3 and can be used in any PHP project. See the :doc:`Fluid standalone
documentation <other_typo3fluid:Index>`.

*Note:* This documentation was `generated <https://github.com/TYPO3-Documentation/fluid-documentation-generator>`__
from the PHP source code of TYPO3 CMS and the package names do not correspond
1:1 to the Composer package names, as the ``cms-`` prefix has been removed.

----

**Table of Contents:**

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 5
   :titlesonly:

   typo3/backend/latest/Index
   typo3/core/latest/Index
   typo3/fluid/latest/Index
   typo3fluid/fluid/latest/Index

.. Meta Menu

.. toctree::
   :hidden:

   Contribution/Index
   Sitemap
   genindex
